Now in the last lecture when we have set up readies us our storage for the cash and you should already
do that to learn from this lecture.
We said that cash stocks can only be used if your storage is either readies or ma'am cash.
So it's not supported for us storage.
That is database like my school or the file system.
Now let's see what actually are the cash stocks and how can we use them to our benefit.
So for this let's run to be artisan thinker.
And now we can play around a little bit with the cash.
So first we'll try to store an item inside the cash and we'll use tax for that.
So you can access the cash for Sade but first instead of calling put method which will store something
inside the cash you need to use tags.
So we'll go ahead and use an example from larval documentation.
So we will like to tag this item with the people tag.
And also an artists tag.
And only then we can use port and we'll store it under the key John value can be.
Hello I'm I'm John.
And we'll start that for 10 minutes.
Now the thing with cash stocks is that you have to always specify the tax when you store an item.
And also you have to specify the same exact least of tax if you want to read the item from the cash.
So that's really important.
I will show you in a moment what will happen if you want to read an item and you don't provide the tax
which you have provided when storing an item.
So now to read this item we'll have to do cash tags.
We'll have to say that the tax where people and artists only then we can use get and read the item under
the key.
John and we have the virus.
Hello I am John.
Now if you will like to do cash get and read the key John it won't read that so it's not available.
So this is basically I would say it's a problem it doesn't make tax usable as you think you they could
be but this is the way they work.
So to store an item you have to provide a list of tax but then to read an item you always have to provide
a list of the same tags.
So now let's see how the tax can be useful.
So let's store another item using cash tax will also other people tag.
But this time another tag would be outers.
So now we can call pooled and the key would be on and the value can be Hello I'm um.
We'll also store that for 10 minutes now to read this value.
You will also have to provide a list of tax like people and outers.
So let's do that.
Get Um and now you can read this volume.
So the useful thing with tax is that you can actually you remove all the cash items that now can contain
at least one of those stocks that you have provided for the above items.
So let's see we have store John using people and artists stocks but we have also stored arm using people
and outers sorry.
So this John was using people and artists and using people and outdoors.
So now we can actually remove items and only provide one tag.
So how we will do this is we can call cache tags.
We can use the common tag like people and then call flash and this will remove all the items that were
cached with people.
So here you actually don't have to provide all the taxes that were used to initially store an item.
And thanks to that we'll remove every cache item that has that people tag.
And in our case it happens to be also John but also an.
So now let's copy this item copy this line where we have Red John and now you can see that it is no.
But also if you would try to read the element under the key arm you also see that it is normal.
So what you can use it for is if you have a certain category of cache items inside your application
let's say we have a simple block.
So we might cache some items using the block post stack and some different tacks but if we would like
to remove those those items let's say in this simple application we cache items when we open a blog
post.
So this could be cached using the blog post stack but also we can cache items here on the most commented
blog posts.
They also can contain our blog post stack and then if we want to refresh our application like we'll
see on example the next lecture about let's say we want to reset the cache every time around midnight.
You can do that using a simple call to the cache stocks and use flash.
So this will remove all the cash that was created using this particular tack.
So this is a very useful option to use cash stocks but mostly it is about removing a group of items.